Merge custreamz codebase into cudf repo (#2480)
rapidsai/cudf: python/custreamz/README.md

# cuStreamz

> GPU-accelerated Streaming Library.

Author: Fixed

1. cuStreamz is a GPU-accelerated Streaming Library, which uses cuDF with Streamz for stream data processing on GPUs. 
2. cuStreamz has its own conda metapackage which makes it as simple as possible to install the set of dependencies necessary to process streaming workloads on GPUs.
3. A series of tests for use in a cuDF gpuCI instance have been included ensuring that changes continuously rolled out as part of cuDF don't break its integration with Streamz.

> 4. You can find example notebooks on how to write cuStreamz jobs in the RAPIDS notebooks-extended repository.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. You can find [example](https://github.com/rapidsai/notebooks-contrib/blob/master/getting_started_notebooks/basics/hello_streamz.ipynb) [notebooks](https://github.com/rapidsai/notebooks-contrib/blob/master/getting_started_notebooks/basics/streamz_weblogs.ipynb) on how to write cuStreamz jobs in the RAPIDS [notebooks-contrib repository](https://github.com/rapidsai/notebooks-contrib).  
```

Author: Had thought of doing this! Should we not add a link to the directory (hopefully going to be added with the custreamz PR against notebooks-extended) with the streaming word count & HAProxy examples instead?

Author: Shoot!  I re-requested a review, since I hadn't seen this before. Sorry about that! :(

Reviewer 2: @chinmaychandak just waiting on this change before we can hand it over to ops, let me know when this is done.

Author: >Should we not add a link to the directory (hopefully going to be added with the custreamz PR against notebooks-extended) with the streaming word count & HAProxy examples instead?
@randerzander

Reviewer: let's keep that a separate discussion
